# Frost Altar
By visiting the Frost Altar using the Celion Device or by going to [23, 70, 455], you can use ice and a Mjolnir or Ultimate Mjolnir to fortify them and remove any enchantments. You can do the same with a Stormbreaker but you would use packed ice instead of ice. You would freeze these weapons in the "It's Cold Out" quest tab.
## Melting
You can melt frozen weapons by holding them over lavawood. Once it thaws enough, you submit the weapon to the quest under the "It's Cold Out" tab shaped like a hexagon with the weapon as an icon. For melting Snowbreaker, you also need a new handle. Once you submit the thawed weapon to the quest it will instantly melt. It is advised you only melt a weapon with low durability as melting it sets the damage for Mjolnir to 8000, Ultimate Mjolnir to 6000 and Stormbreaker to 2000. When melting a weapon, you have a very small chance to preserve a Cold Uru Shard which would allow you to freeze your weapon again without the need to go to the Frost Altar or the use of ice. It can also be used to redesign a Vibranium Shield.
# Celion Device
The Celion is a wrist-mounted device added by Craftfall Essentials. It allows you to teleport to warps setup by admins or to a home point you set. You can also request to teleport to other online players. It allows you to find out who has which infinity stones. If you want you can change the color of it for $1000. The Celion should allow you to spend money to keep your items on death instead of losing them. In the future you will be able to see lore books and a news feed when looking at it. You can open the Celion using COMMA by default.
# Questing
In the top-left corner of your inventory you should see an array of buttons added by FTB Library, FTB Utilities, FTB Money and FTB Quests. The button that opens the quest menu looks like a book. When in the quests menu you should see tabs on the left, each one is for a different category or theme. Some quests can be repeated while most can't. You can get rewarded for quests with items, money or experience.
# Claiming Chunks
In the FTB button array, you should see a button that looks like a map. When you click it you will be given the option to claim chunks for your team. Hover over a chunk and Left Click to claim, Shift + Left Click to keep loaded or Right Click to unclaim. You can have a maximum of 1000 claimed chunks and 64 loaded chunks. You can change the permissions for claimed chunks in team settings.
